you need to write down what's with the
jeans I feel like we haven't addressed
the magnitude they're coming here the
magnitude of the announcement that our
new home that we're moving to has a bid
day yeah it's a big deal it's a big deal
and we kind of glossed over in the last
episode I totally feel like that yeah
well get away from my front door
jerks anyways major brown talk this will
put an end to wipe gate that is a huge
huge announcement because what you're
saying is you normally Brown jump in the
shower yeah I did this morning and what
you're saying is that now they're gonna
Brown have the bidet clean you off
there's no more shower bang exactly but
here's the falafel move of the mill
thing
yeah that bidet toilet is downstairs are
you sure there's not one in our yeah wow
I wonder why they would put of a day on
the first floor because there's no
shower there's no shower in that toilet
that's why wait a minute that means
you're supposed to shower after you shit
after you wipe I'm telling you I do an
exploratory wipe and like this morning I
shit I took one wipe and I was like
there is not enough wipes to clean this
I got a shower and the shower I do what
a man of shitting so good I do one wipe
and I does that's when I decide if it's
shower time arm or wipe time but I know
that the wives will be endless endless
wiping today and I just figured I'd hop
in the shower and I did
but now this means I'm gonna have to
shit in the downstairs bathroom if I'm
not planning on showering yeah you know
right do you know what I found out cuz I
asked the lady who's renting the the
agent I was like wait why has her a
bidet like were they European and she
said no they're Asian
she said that yeah she goes there's
succulent Chinese meals and that's why I
didn't know Asians were into but
cleanliness says my actually no yeah
yeah there's that's what was there
before us and that's why yeah pretty
crazy huh pretty crazy I didn't know
they were into it as much